Mnemonic        Name                Description
MSGID   Message ID                  Field This field holds a 16 bit value used as a unique
                                    message identifier.
MSGTYP Message Type Field           This field holds an 8 bit value used to identify the
                                    message type.
                                    The decoding is shown below.
                                    00. System Message
                                    01. Hardware Message
                                    02. Information Message
                                    03. Acknowledgement Message
                                    *All other values are unsupported.
￼
VCSID  Virtual Control System ID Field This field holds a 8 bit value identifying the targeted VCS
NODEID
Node Foreman ID Field
This 8 bit field is used to identify the targeted Node Foreman. This field is only used in Hardware Messages.
￼
HRDWID
Hardware Component ID
￼
The byte wide field is used to identify the targeted hardware module to which the command is intended.
CMDTYP
Command Type Field
This field holds an 8 bit value identifying the command type. The command type decoding is shown below.
00. No Op
01. Set Command 02. Get Command 03. Action Command
*All other values are unsupported.
CMD
￼
Command Field
This field holds an 8 bit command identifier. Commands differ from one VCS to another; therefore two VCSs may share the same command for two different commands.
￼￼￼
￼
CMDPKT
￼
Command Packet Field
This field holds the necessary command packet which holds the parameters for command processing; the length of this field is determined by the specific command, and is terminated by 3 end of transmission characters.
PRI
Priority Field
This is an 8 bit field which contains the message priority indication. A decoding for the message priority is shown below; priority severity is listed in descending order.
00. Critical Highest Priority, Sev1. 01. Very Important, Sev2.
02. Moderate Importance, Sev3. 03. Low Importance, Sev4.
*All other values are unsupported.
ACKTYP
￼
￼
Acknowledgement Type Field
This 8 bit field identifies the message as either an acknowledgement or a rejection; the decoding is shown below.
0. Rejection
1. Acknowledgement
*All other values are unsupported.
MSGRESP
Message Response Field
All messages must receive an acknowledgement. This MSGRESP field holds either the reason for a rejection or the requested information (if any) from the associated system or hardware message. This field has an indeterminate length and is terminated by three "end of transmission" characters.
STATMSG
Status & Information Field
This field holds information transmitted by a Node Foreman from a specific VCS to the I2UI. The information held in this field must have known significance to the I2UI or the user. This field has an indeterminate length and is terminated by three “end of transmission” characters.
TIMSTMP
Time Stamp Field
￼
This field holds the 32 bit time stamp value.